---
layout: post
title: Update Jan. 21
date: 2021-01-21 11:45 -0600
tags: [update]
---

## Update January 21

Well, it's been around one or two weeks since I posted an update so here it is! I have started the second semester of year two of uni and it is a relief. This is mostly due to the fact that I have 4 computer science courses this semester as opposed to last semester which only had 2. Not to say I wasn't interested in non computer science courses, but they are not what I came to do in university. To be honest I have been slacking off in the last couple of days in terms of school work but I will fix that today. In the meanwhile, I have finished a lot of things I have been wanting to get to that I did during the winter break. Some of these things include:

1. Adding light most to the [eClass extension](https://github.com/Zeyu-Li/eClass_dark)
2. Made a Discord bot that can make Midi music given input from chat
3. PDF splitting script
4. Sorting algorithms (Python)
5. Finished learning the express framework

## HackED

During the time since the last update, I also did a hackathon that may or may not have been rigged in the engineer's favour. Our team did a react-native/firebase project that had a community tab to share recipes. Because none of us had any experience with react-native and an imperceptibly small amount of firebase experience, we barely had a working product in the end. However, it didn't seem to matter because the top 2 teams did hardware projects. Anyway, there is another hackathon soon so perhaps that will be better! 🙏

The project along with the landing page can be found below:

* [Landing page](https://github.com/Zeyu-Li/Kitchen-Dash-Website)
* [Project GitHub](https://github.com/Zeyu-Li/Kitchen-Dash)



Update fin, enjoy this cute video I found online

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/pXpYA0Y1xsk" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Waaaaagh